Start: October 24th, Tuesday, 9:50AM
Deadline: November 8th, Wednesday

TODO:

Finished 10/25 GOAL: Set up Wire Frames + CSS
  I didn't set up everything here: only the main index page and the single card page.  Didn't account for searching and various other forms looks.
  
Finished 10/25 GOAL: Get Test Board page to render correctly with provided JSON data
  (To Change, sending an Ajax Request with Board ID from /index) <--Worry about this shit later
  Question: Can I change CommentCount to a Handlebars helper that calls Ajax?  Same with Title?
    -You can, but better to do a BIG Ajax request, vs. lots of small ones

Finished 10/26 GOAL: Add Cards to Lists that are rendered to the screen
  (To Change, have the button be non clickable when the textarea is empty.)
  (Perhaps need to change it so each List Object has it's own "Last Card ID?") <--No, because lists will share cards, so cards are in effect communal on the board.

Finished 10/26 GOAL: Add Lists to the Board
  (As above, change button to non clickable when empty)

Finished 10/26 GOAL: Delete Lists From the Board

Finished 10/27 GOAL: Change Card Titles Inline

Finished 12:30AM 10/31 GOAL: Add Drag/Drop Functionality to Cards
  Had Major issues with card order, first saving them as part of the JSON file
    Then saved thema s part of the collection when initialized -> Localstorage

Finished 10/31 GOAL: Drag And Drop Functionality for Lists
  Had issues with lists trying to sort into cards, had to be clearer with my options and include '>' in the items.


Finished 10/31 GOAL: Implement the Search Box
  Mostly OK, only some minor issues with HTML/CSS, and getting it to look right.


Finished 11/01 GOAL: Display Current Detailed Single Card View, no interactivity
  Had a problem appending the detailed view because I was doing $('main').append(currentView.$el.html()), don't need that html

Finished 11/01 GOAL: Add interactivity to the Single Card View ->Editing Description and Title(inline)
  No real issues here.

Finished 11/01 GOAL:  Comments Section, loading from JSON File and displaying properly, no interactivity yet.
  No Major issues

Finished 11/01 GOAL: Make Comments interactive.  Adding Comments.
  Comments can be added, but they are not maintaining line breaks and stuff.  Should also have some sanity checks.

Finished 11/02 GOAL: Get the backbone router working
  No problems, just had to change application to stop appending items if it's already initialized

---ALL REQUIREMENTS FINISHED---

Board View -
  Had to change listsView and Router to load from Ajax, and take optional arguments



Future Goal:
  -Set up Another Board / Other Users
  -Edit/Delete Comments


Outstanding Issues:


  Maybe change to "AllListsView" view so can have changes code not in App

  Hitting Enter on change title causes form to submit, need to handle better.

  Page loads funny on Firefox

  In edit, the save button is slightly off depending on if there are comments or not

  Why do I need refresh cards sortable, but not lists?  Cards are being refreshed/rendered, but not lists.

  Change search to not go through ALL the cards each time

  Change Ajax routes and just include list/card ids in data

  Sanity Checking in Detailed View, if same desc/title don't do anything

  Move a lot of methods in App to Lists Collection

  Waiting GIF

  Maintian line breaks in textbox for comments and Description

  Search Results do not show live updates, maybe close when click something?

  Deleting single cards?

  Move sortable code to View?

  Change search box so when lose focus, removes/adds search box


Solved Issues:

  SOLVED If delete all topics, then add, they show up AFTER the new list form
  Only one add card text box should be open
  Cancel Button for EDit Title
  'There Are No Comments' still shows when add first comment


---Presentation---

How model data?  If like a database and only have IDs in Cards array, run into issues of when to get the data.
  Comments must contain both BoardID and ListID, so we can use starting from 1 integers for Board and List IDs
When retrieve data?  Better to get ALL Board data at once and work with it, then to get little bits with Ajax.
  However, Comments are only needed for individual topics, and can be retrieved easily with Ajax.
Concerns?  Updating in real time if multiple users are using at once. Dont' like keeping comments on lists object

Process: Wire Frames
Data Mapping (how will set up JSON)
Data Retreieval (WHen get data)
Build By View (Lists, Single Card, Comments)

